computer that was where you committed
all these crimes and left all the
conversations exposed that sadly you understand I
have so much to say I could
tell you
so much but I can't get it out of my
head that children follow us and And it's more
than 50% in reality it's like 80% that
follow us are children there are many things
that no
bu is fat eh what Katy has done is
fat and if you are no longer together well you ca
n't enter and leave the house like
Pedro she can be naked she
can be with someone she can be
doing a thousand things two balls what she
takes
two bsas from the
mercadona I felt emotionally that it has
been very very strong for me I want to thank you
with all my heart I also
want to thank with all my heart
the fans who quickly doubted
all the accusations that Katie made against me
eh Because obviously knowing me and seeing
our content for so many years
there were many things that did not fit with them
Okay I also want to emphasize that I am not
a perfect human being I am an
ordinary normal human being who has
big dreams who is very very very
hard working Yes I can tell you that very very
hard working you will find few
people who  work as hard as I do I am a
real fighter I have big dreams
That is completely true I am a
person who loves to dream big
I know I have much more to say but
the first thing I want to tell you because and
excuse me for being
redundant is that I have never in my life mistreated
Kell never ever in my life mistreated K
that is an accusation that is
senseless I am going to get to what concerns me in
this video and then later on I am going to
make many more videos where I am going to
show you the truth of everything the truth of
everything absolutely everything the purpose of
this video is because I mean there are going to be more
videos This is an intro video Ana Thank you
very much I mean there are going to be more videos
the purpose of this is to give an intro
and there are going to be more videos on the subject whatever
video this is content you
don't [ __ ] with me man this is content that I know
K is going to release a video yesterday he was going to
release it surely I released it today I released it
tomorrow Oh so this is previous
Javi oso also released a response video
thanks Talia Well I think it's not a
response video I think it's a video that he
uploaded before  Tati a kiss I think this
video has been uploaded before because here she
is not responding to the video as such and is going to
take the Live that I did with Dallas
exposing a video of her howling. How
good at the end of this post I will
place the video so you can
see it for yourself but where she is going to grab this
video she will react and will continue to
defame the problem is not that she
defames only me the biggest problem
is that she continues to defame anyone who is
close to me or she will
continue to defame my clients she will
continue to defame my work team she
will continue to defame anyone
who has a relationship with me and that does
bother me even more because they
are people who should not be
involved as this should never have been carried
out in public nor
should accusations be made against me that have no
justification Okay I'm going
to tell you something because I know that you're going to see
this video and I hope they show it to you
So I warn you before your video in
which you want to continue with the
defamation that you have committed certain
crimes And if your lawyers are so good
please consult with them because
My lawyer in the United States is already going to
Ender the complaint Okay number one
intercept Ase my communications K that
is a crime number two I extracted those
Communications and you shared those
communications number three I extracted a
private video of mine you know what video it is
that video is a very very big crime to
extract it share that
video
eh yes
we have already talked about this objectively
yes objectively yes that then he
did it again with the videos of with
the conversations between her and Tommy
probably Oh Thank you very much
welcome probably no no here there is
a cross of federal crimes imos eh it
is an even bigger crime it is a crime that carries a
prison sentence for years I know I want you to
consult with your lawyer you should
think things over before doing it you
should control that anger that
accompanied us that anger that accompanied us
throughout our relationship in which
you constantly disrespected me
and I told you to stop you I told you
that the only thing I asked of God is that
you respect me we had everything to have
the perfect family everything but you never
respected me and you broke me little
by little then unfortunately this  there is
no turning back Okay you committed
crimes and you are going to have to pay for
that and not only you are going to pay for
those crimes Okay also all the
people involved who were your
accomplices are going to pay for that crime
anyone to whom you sent
that material is going to pay for that crime
whoever it is it does not matter if at this moment
they want to erase the evidence it is no longer
erasable you opened my WhatsApp in the
United States when I was not in the United
States that is verifiable And you
know what arrived in Venezuela days ago
my computer arrived Right now I am going to
analyze it here in a video my computer
which was where you committed all these
crimes and you left all the
conversations exposed that ex tri do you
understand I have so much to say I could
tell you
so much but I can't get it out of my
head that children follow us and And it is more
than 50% in reality it is like 80% that
follow us are children I mean there are many
things that no that no
bu is fat eh what Katy has done is
fat I was counting the pums and I lost
count face crying hard a kiss
Ana beautiful is fat what  has done Katy
is fat he is very very fat Well we are
talking about very we are talking
about very intimate videos also I am going to
tell them here okay I am going to leave
attached the video that I put with Dallas in
several parts because that is how I
recorded it the video is not edited right now
I sent him to put F subtitles Here
is the communication with my lawyer
where she tells me to record everything it is
she who tells me to record everything I did not
record this video of my own free will I did not
do it That is why I did not do it because I was
going to go and play the saint So that you
mistreat me no I never needed that I
did it because my lawyer asked me to
thank God Okay and this video is not
from the first Tudor man How is the
Tudor thing going Look at the Tudor you have become a
member time that I went to the house this video
is from the second time that I went to the house
because the first time you treated me worse And I
also have it recorded on video Hello
How are you Good morning this week I am going to I
think I will go on my di okay I am going to be
in stay for a month for
everything to be finished  divorces F longer but so you
know that being a month if it comes
on Wednesday Thursday morning at
7 in the morning I will go to my house with a
camera and everything to take out my
personal things eh that more than everything this
next thing said this When you see the
video I want you to realize that I
warn her several times that she is
being recorded I do this so that she
stops because K always attacked me in
this way I always lost control he
always yelled at me he always humiliated me it
was a constant in the relationship and I
was like a puppy that is already cornered in
the house chasing him all the time
disrespecting me Okay I never wanted to
make this public before because I
felt bad and I felt that she was denigrating me
as a man but she has put me
against the sword and the wall with all
the accusations that she has made especially
accusations of abuse and
accusations of thief and transfer I am
also going to prove them I am going to
prove absolutely everything also the
cousins of your sister's husband who are
the lawyers that you placed on your
social networks they are also going to have to be
held accountable if they are part of something
that has to do with  this or are they part
of the extortion they wanted to do to me
with your Abusive divorce offer that
offer where you wanted to keep
everything with the houses with the brands with the
truck with the company you wanted to
keep everything absolutely everything
assuming the debts that we had that does not
even represent a third of
our capital so truly
your cynicism has no limits excuse me you
have to understand that I feel bad I
go out to be strong and that is that it has to
be Half and Half period javito How
do I donate cheaper with
VPN cheaper no Let's see you are going to donate
the same what you can do is
if you are from arent I don't know if it's
Argentina or Chile I don't remember Ivan
from what country if you are from I don't know what
country you can donate 50 members very
cheap that's what there is
why Because I am not going to leave
anyone because while I was
silent everyone attacked me they attacked me
like hres and I am going to tell you something there is not
a single person among all those who
attacked me that is worth it they are all
parasites and I know  I'm going to
show you, I'm going to show you
how parasites are and I'm going to
show you how her mother and her sister never
did anything for her when they should have done
when they themselves
suffered and were victims of
K's abuse. Well, for the last time I
tell you, excuse me for having to make
this public.
Thank you for the videos recorded on
September 18 that prove Monday,
September 18, entering my house for Cos,
Argentina. If you put the VPN from Argentina,
it comes out, well, I think it's
9 euros, 17.15, something like that for the 50
members. If we don't reach 50,000
members today, why don't you want to?
eh.
Hello,
good morning, I'll greet you. I also tell you if
you have, if you are in this plan, if
the situation at home, if the situation with
her is like this, you cannot enter the
house with keys either, that is, because
in the end she could be 8 bucks, 50
members, 8 bucks, 50 members, [ __ ], 8
out of 50 members, [ __ ], [ __ ] from
Argentina, [ __ ],
we're going to get to the
3000 today you can't enter the
house of a person you're already with
like this you can't ring the
bell
[Music] you
can catch her in her
privacy looking for my things
yet it can't be true yes it is that I'm not
going
pod conchale Oh my God, dick you took out more
things what are you doing Here What are you
doing until I take out all my
things that I don't want to see you anymore Okay
but I'm sorry this is my house I'm
sorry It's more we don't have anything here house
When was it Tim that you paid for your house
right do me a favor expensive It's also
mine and if you're using it it's the favor and
the p that you have like six months that you don't
pay the car pay since you're going to use it
pay Hey you're recorded let me take out my
things and since I'm here what I'm
recording you I mean you don't have it really
good really Where is the recording you don't have to
talk to me get out of the house and
pay for the car please really good
actually no because everything is going to sell really
good Of course it's going to sell my
love yes it is going to sell but pay the
things oe Don't be a playboy all your
life pay the  things If you use the car
pay for it pay the car insurance because
if not it will go away V car insurance I already
paid it when did you pay it I already paid it
you paid if I received a document here
that you hadn't paid it you have to
pay it from my money Well we always
pay it from my money because I'm the one who earns
money Sorry Yes that is the
biggest lie you've ever told of course I
had given it all from me
please Why did you take my things like that you
make it more difficult for me really do me a
favor and the next time you come at
least let me know we'll be entering
the house my house when laa la if you
're not with her she can't anymore Even if you
've paid for the house or your house whatever
you want but you're not with her
that crying is the most real I've ever seen
a kiss a kiss Thank you very much I mean you ca
n't enter where a person lives
and you don't live even if it's your house you can't
enter with keys you have to
knock Hey or let me know you understand but you can't
be coming and
going call the police
My God at
least really
respect
please yes I mean
by messing everything up it only makes
everything harder to get out it doesn't make it
easier It's
good that you're going to call the
police no That's not
true it's recorded on video no nothing it's
recorded on video Come on but let them
come it's better he doesn't have any weapon
but have
against Hi how are you
Hol
came in this is still my house it's still
my
house And talking behind my back doesn't work either let
LL also Look for conversation
with
her it's not Spain like you occupy them but I
don't understand what you mean by
that but that you have to respect that
she's living there and you're not And if you
're no longer together then you can't
enter and leave the house like Pedro
she could be naked she could
be with someone she could be
doing a thousand things I mean That's it you'll
agree who keeps the
house who pays Who I don't know what but you
have to respect not
enter do you understand I mean you call and
pick up your things you understand me ring the
bell and come in and pick up your things
never my life I've never hit you in my life I've
never hit you in my
life apart from that he says  I'm going to pick up my things
but what are you going to pick up if you go in shorts
m you don't carry boxes how are you going to
carry them I mean I don't understand this much I
mean how is he going to pick up the things
when you go to pick up the things you put
the car back to the door with the
trunk open no and you take a
few boxes to put in the box
and you take them I mean I don't understand
the plan I'm going to take Cos goes with a
cell phone in his hand and he gets angry and enters the
house he's grabbing one thing he walks around he
grabs another thing and takes another
walk around the room he's not
picking up he's not
picking up what madness you see him he goes out he comes in
but he's not doing
anything oh my God poor thing he
's talking to her don't pay
attention to him I mean Go get the things and if
the police come then talk do you
understand me My God what did they do
here
run Look it's the first time he's picked up
a bag and he's going to put a pair of
pants in it No at this moment it hasn't
touched me moment the house in his office
because he arrives at the house I don't have to
ask permission This is my
house his office and at this moment he
's talking to her  in response to what
she's talking on the phone javiel
said that he supposedly had warned
before going to record but in the video they
fight that he didn't warn to
enter that I have never announced it before
that is a lie he is arguing with what
she is saying go cop now with
a box he takes it
outside now what is he going to do s I
wait for him to grab the
bag now he goes to the other side Look he's not
picking up anything You see he's not picking up anything I mean
at that time I would have already
done pum pum pum pum pack pum pum
you're
carrying now he comes here for
a I'm going to sneak in to
call
said that you Stay away from me
What are you doing What are you doing
with my things what are you doing excuse me
why are you doing that excuse me What are you
doing you took my
recording microphones not the little ones I left them I
took them with you here
talked to me before leaving the iPad the
iPhone record me 00 Which ones are for
recording I don't have any for recording
yours okay the iPhone ones are the only ones we
had the ones in the little box the rest  I do
n't know what
other years 25 years ago approximately
5 years ago you don't hear either those
microphones are television microphones
that I use to record YouTube I don't know I don't
know I don't have them you lifted the you took the you
took the camera your
hand You left me without equipment No it's not
true you're going to take even the it's not
true the equipment of the you took
there is the canon of the are all that you
took it you took no ch
probably the victim K no K me at It's that I do
n't understand what he's doing
in the house really is that no he's not
picking up I
mean what's going on now in the bathroom grabbing
a box opening downstairs and he hasn't
finished picking up the room is
that he's not
picking up the room you know what was the worst thing I
told you everything without yelling at you because I don't
need to I told you everything without yelling
she tells you the ones who yell are the brutes
like you who are not
right What I least like in life
thank God you haven't touched me in a
long time because what thank God And I'm
telling you something don't you ever
talk to me like that again in your [ __ ] life  Hey respect
respect because I'm worth too much to
you Don't ever talk to me like that again in your
[ __ ] life if someone gives me pu it's you it
's not the other way around it's not the other way around Okay no no
Yeah It's that he says don't touch me again
because you give me pu you little man [ __ ]
So much woman didn't you [ __ ] your wife no
of I'm too much for you Yeah that's what you
think I'm too much for you in fact
he's such a little man that I gave him
my whole life I gave him my whole life and he's
incapable of apologizing He should
get down on his knees and ask me for forgiveness for the
garbage that he is no I authorize this recording
So I don't know what you're going to do with it
anyway everything I say Here is true is
true and can be proven permission
I have the evidence permission don't
worry you're going to keep taking out and
taking out my things no they're not my
things too What is this this what is
this that my recording equipment
[ __ ] what's going on is that you come from the
neighborhood then it may be that the neighborhood comes
[ __ ] with the neighborhood you want to steal it ul be
careful my camera takes you
grit  exhausting that's how you were all your life
exhausted Hello good
afternoon two balls what is taken two
balls from
Mercadona recorded sent grab
everything two bags from Mercadona are
taken thanks Maximiliano a
round of applause we are getting divorced but sent
Look for my things tell me what's
going on he is super aggressive Okay brother
Look, I was TR month out of
Venezuela this we are getting divorced she
blocked me she doesn't want to talk to me she
wants to keep everything with the house
everything in Venezuela she told me in advance with some
lawyers my lawyers aware of everything that
I would sign a Look she is
recording that's why we are in all
this she told me that they tried to make me
sign a paper to you know renounce
my rights to my house to my brands
I made her personal brand I am an
artistic developer she is an artist
you are legally married
legally married Americans Yes and we
are both Americans Here we also don't have
s we have been married for 8 years years
seeing here how long here we have since
2019 since 2019 so when you
return What happens when I return I
meet with my lawyer because in
Venezuela they wanted to put me  They
wanted to intimidate me so I had to
sign, eh, because of the debts we had and I do
n't know what. I didn't say that that had
nothing to do with it, I came here, I lost
communication with her, my lawyer told me,
come in, come in and take your things out of your
office, take out your personal things, it's
AC from my office, I came here to the
office, that was it. No, I came once
before, but obviously I couldn't take almost
anything out, I collect figures, so some
figures and now I came back, but he's
doing a show, he's doing a show,
call the police, I went to pick up
some figures, I mean, previously, he
went and picked up a figure, it's that
the type of thing that's not adding up to me,
right? You, it could be that, that, that he
's not very agile. The kid, I don't know why he's like
this, but what's happening to me is
Javi wants the bear to arrive with a
moving truck, man, of course, let's
see if you're in this situation and you
're separating, the first thing you do is take
all your clothes, I mean, the logical thing is that you
go with someone, with a friend, with a
brother or whatever.  eh and and and go
with a few boxes and fill the
boxes to the top bang bang and load the car
to the top Hey you can't take it
all and you have to come back another day Hey
look I have to come back another day but
you went one day for a few
figures and now you come in another day and you
start walking around you take a box you
put it in the hallway now you take a
bag and throw three things in it now you
take a bag and throw three microphones
anyway he doesn't have one No no it doesn't seem to me It
seems to me that he's putting on a
show anyway it doesn't make much sense he
if this isn't content he went to
record her he went to bother her and to record her
too you understand he went
to
record her he went to record her no I do
n't see the point in you coming in you start
flipping up and down
and not doing anything It's that he hasn't done anything
H see you take The situation is like this
pick up everything at once and shoot and you don't
come back it will be fixed
eh  It'll be sorted out She'll give you what she
has to give you or you and her can
agree on who gets to stay in the apartment
But you're not going into the apartment anymore You're not
going into the house where your
wife is, already ex-wife, you can't get in You do
n't live there No, you haven't been with her
for a month No, but it's mine Well,
well, when right now you
're no longer together Now we'll have to legally sort out
who gets to stay in the house If it's
sold, you split the money But
right now she's living there and you're not, you can't get in You
can't get in No,
I have the key, I come and go and if
she feels like having sex in the
house What's going on, no, it doesn't matter that it's
her house Let's see, it doesn't matter that it
's her house Man, my father can be
paying for a house and it's his and
my father pays for it And if I'm living
there, my father can be coming in and
out, what you
're saying doesn't make sense eh what you're
saying is his house, his house that we're not going to
see, it's his house She can't tell
him that  don't go pick up your things
she can't forbid you but at
least ring the
bell At least ring the
bell No no no I don't know I think
this was to record her
eh next time
problem
nothing is missing almost nothing gach has taken
two bags yes he has taken two balls of
garbage I'm not leaving I'm not
leaving because I don't understand the videos of either of them
eh I don't understand the videos of either
of them I really tell you neither of
one nor the
other I think that both have realized
what kind of people they are but they are
in the toxic phase of and how he didn't even let me
eat and they will continue like this until
something happens to one of them, be it criminal
or personal, very sad
everything let's see we have to see the video of the
Z file the first thing is the figure of
Mickey and Donald Duck Hahaha man what does he
say I did not enter eh the other dine I
took some
figures or rather How many In how many
phase meters